I want to create a website to play a game that I call "reds". The website should be 
multiplayer and let you create a game and share a 6 digit code for others to join your 
existing game. The game must be server-less and cache everything in the users browser. 
I would prefer if you develop using next.js so I can deploy it on vercel for free. 
Here are the rules for the game: 
- Players is dealt 4 random cards from a shuffled deck. 
- Players can view their bottom 2 cards ONCE at the start of the game. 
- Players take turns drawing one card from the top of the deck (or can optionally draw from the top of the discard pile if they want) 
- Players can inspect the value of the card they drew and decide to swap it with one of their 4 cards. 
- If the players discard (or "play") one of these cards they get the associated power up: 
    1. 7: inspect one of your own cards 
    2. 8: inspect one other players card 
    3. 9: blindly swap one of your cards with another players card 
    4. 10: inspect and swap one of your cards with another players card 
- Players can stack any card they know to be the same as the top card of the discard pile, however, only 1 player can stack so if 
2 players try to stack a card in the middle the fastest player gets the stack. I can either stack one of my cards to reduce my total 
card count or if I have information about another players cards I can use that information to my advantage and stack their card on 
top of the discard pile and transfer any one of my cards to that player so as to still reduce my total card count. 
- The game ends when a player is confident that they have the lowest total sum of all the players in the game. Once they are confident 
the player can claim "reds" during their turn at which time they forfeit their turn. Everyone else at the table gets 1 final turn and 
everyone shows their cards. The player with the lowest sum wins (note someone can draw a 10 or 9 and swap their cards with you so be sure 
to weigh the risks when calling "reds"). - Card values is as follows: A = 1, 2-10, Jack = 11, Queen = 12, Black King = 13 and Red King = -2
- Also note that if you mistack meaning that you stack the wrong card and it does not match the top card of the discard pile then you get a 
penalty which forces you to draw an additional card (so you now have 5 cards if you had 4 previously).

Here is some instruction for the visual aesthetics of the game. It should have a top down view of the table and have your cards at the bottom 
of the screen. For the "stack" mechanism I need to click on the card I want to stack and the discard pile to stack that card. If I am competing 
with another player for the stack we should check timestamps to see who did the action first. The game should mainly work through clicking cards 
on the table. I should click the middle face down pile to draw a card and it should show me the card. Then I should be able to click on any of 
my cards to swap them or click the discard pile to discard it.